--- Intro ---
Mahabank Vehicle Loan Scheme for Purchase of Second Hand Car
(Pre owned Cars)
We have finance schemes that translate your dreams into reality.
S.No.

--- Scheme Table ---

S.No: 1
Particulars: Name of the scheme
Scheme guidelines:
Mahabank Vehicle Loan Scheme: For Purchasing Second Hand Car (Pre owned Cars)


S.No: 3
Particulars: Eligibility
Scheme guidelines:
  - Confirmed Salaried Employees of Central Govt. / State Govt. / Public Sector Undertakings/ Govt. aided Educational Institute / Private / Public Limited Company /etc. with continuous service for minimum 1 year is required.
  - Pensioners of Central/ State Government/ PSU having minimum pension of Rs.25000/- per month.
  - Self Employed Professionals includes CAs, Doctors, Architects, Company Secretaries, Advocates, CMAs etc. with their own practicing.
  - Businessman/ Independent Entrepreneurs who have regular source of income.
  - Farmers having land holding engaged in production oriented agricultural activities and in other allied activities.


S.No: 4
Particulars: Min Annual Income
Scheme guidelines:
  - For Salaried: Rs. 3.00 lakh (last year income) - Minimum past 2 years ITR/Form 16 from the Employer is required.
  - For Other Individuals: Rs.3.00 lakh (last year income) – Minimum past 2 years ITR with supporting documents are required..


S.No: 5
Particulars: Eligible Loan Amount
Scheme guidelines:
Maximum loan amount will be assessed on the basis of Permissible Deduction norms

Minimum – Rs 2.00 Lakhs

Maximum – Rs 50.00 Lakhs

Maximum Quantum of Loan will be Lowest of the following.

70 % of latest Market value as per valuation certificate issued by certified pre-owned car Dealer / 70% of invoice value from showroom of authorized dealers.

 Or

100% of Insured Declared Value (IDV) as per Motor Insurance Policy.


S.No: 6
Particulars: Margin
Scheme guidelines:
Minimum 30 % of the lasts Market value as per valuation certificate issued by certified pre-owned car Dealer or 30% of invoice value from showroom of authorized dealers.


S.No: 7
Particulars: Repayment Period
Scheme guidelines:
Maximum 60 months


S.No: 8
Particulars: Rate of Interest
Scheme guidelines:
Click here to view the Interest Rate


S.No: 9
Particulars: Deduction
Scheme guidelines:
Total deductions including proposed EMI should not exceed 65 % of Gross Monthly Income (salaried) / Gross Average Annual Income (Non salaried)


S.No: 10
Particulars: Security
Scheme guidelines:
Hypothecation of vehicle purchased


S.No: 11
Particulars: Processing Fee
Scheme guidelines:
0.50% of Loan Amount

Min: Rs. 500/-
